SPEAKER Rei: Clap.

SPEAKER Bantam: The clap.

SPEAKER Rei: I'm up. I'm going to see if I can find, like, a fanfare to replace the opening music just with fanfare because of the anniversary trumpets. I don't know. This is going to be like a meme trumpet sound I'm going to have to find. But I don't know. I watch most of my memes silently, so I don't even know any trumpet sounds anyway. Hey, welcome, everybody, to the World of Dragons podcast. The podcast where two and a half dragons get together to discover, review, and discuss dragon related centric content, including, but not limited to books, movies, TV shows, video games to help our fellow dragon fans find the next... just thing that they want to enjoy. Because it's a very niche genre and it's kind of hard to discover things. And the things you discover could be disappointing or misleading or whatever because goddamn authors just love to put dragons in their titles and covers for no reason.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, Rei and I were talking about that the other day and how funny it was that look at this book. It's got a dragon on the cover and it's about has nothing to do with dragons at all.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I think there's one that's called, like the color of Dragons or something and no dragons. I think it's just like your normal girl on guy romance story. I don't know. That's what I gathered from reading the blurb. Yeah, and the thing is, if there are dragons, then that's a terrible blurb because it left me thinking there were no dragons in it. Yeah, but that's why we're here. I am your host, Rei, and with me here talking is Bantam. And the quiet guy in the corner is Dillitan.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Hi. My corner's soft.

SPEAKER Rei: What's soft?

SPEAKER Dillitan: My corner!

SPEAKER Bantam: All I can picture is that intro Rei was like when you see those videos where someone fires the starting gun and everyone starts running and one person starts running so hard that they are barreling into the ground first and just like struggling to stay balanced because they like a false.
 
SPEAKER Rei: I lapsed Dillitan three times. Dillitan, since you're so quiet, tell us what's so special about this episode.

SPEAKER Dillitan: This is our two year anniversary episode. We asked our discord to give us questions, and boy, did they deliver. We've got like a hundred of them waiting in our little channel we created.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, basically a mailbag episode for you guys to get to know us better.

SPEAKER Dillitan: But nobody sent us any mail.

SPEAKER Rei: No, because who uses email anymore?

SPEAKER Bantam: We asked for people to send us mail, and when that wasn't working, we opened a discord channel for people to ask questions, and that filled up real quick.

SPEAKER Rei: The takeaway is email is dead.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Dude, it died a long time ago.

SPEAKER Rei: Two years. Can you believe it's been two years, guys?

SPEAKER Bantam: Actually, no.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Me neither. I've never stuck with anything this long before.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, that and just the concept of passing time. Rei and I are dying to play Baldur's Gate III and time just.

SPEAKER Rei: I mean, that's only been a problem, like, the last week.

SPEAKER Bantam: No, because the game's been out for three years.

SPEAKER Rei: Right? It's only been hurting you for the past week.

SPEAKER Bantam: I know, but I honestly did not think that it was three years ago that I first bought it.

SPEAKER Rei: It's been more like five or six. No early access is released, but oh my God. Yes. Stop asking me for my birthday every fucking time. Release date, october 6, 2020. I guess it's just three years. I think I heard it was in development for five because they had, like, two years before they released early access. Yeah, that's probably what I was going.

SPEAKER Bantam: To but like, point being is that it does not feel like it was that long ago. So it's like, holy shit. The passage of time.

SPEAKER Rei: The unending and encroaching of time. One step closer to the end. Existential screaming in the background. Anyway, no, this is no time for existential dread. This is time for celebrations. Two years. I've had you guys trapped for two years.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Hell.

SPEAKER Rei: And we've got eight more to go. I've become Stockholm.

SPEAKER Bantam: I like it.

SPEAKER Rei: It's fun. Recording is fun. Reading is fun. Editing is not. So I've actually tried not reading.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Reading is not fun.

SPEAKER Rei: I've tried editing less the last two episodes and I'm going to try it again on this one. So everybody let me know if there's like, a notable quality drop. If it's like, this is terrible, go back to spending 5 hours editing a single episode. And then I'll cry and be like, if you want me to edit, then patreon me so I can feel like my time is being spent while I hate. Oh, but yeah, the show must go on.

SPEAKER Bantam: So I edited one episode and one episode only, and Ray came in to show me how to do it. Well, specifically editing and audacity. And it had the playback speed up to like, 1.75 because I was mostly just listening for stutters and silences and listening to us all as Chipmunks was the funniest shit in the whole world.

SPEAKER Rei: The first time I did that, I lost it. But I've gotten so used to it now.

SPEAKER Bantam: I never got used to it that entire time I was editing that episode, even to the very end, I was giggling like crazy. Especially the episode I edited. I know that Dillatan did like a noise and it was like and then it was just the chorus of Chipmunks laughing.

SPEAKER Dillitan: You're such a dork.

SPEAKER Rei: We should make delays on episode one. Not episode one. Edit one episode. Yes, he can do that when we're busy with Potter's Gate.

SPEAKER Bantam: I'll tell you what, I'll edit this one.

SPEAKER Rei: All right. Anyway, five minutes in and already getting off topic. There is no topic.

SPEAKER Bantam: There is no topic.

SPEAKER Rei: Chaos everywhere. Pandemonium. As far as dragon news goes, Balder's.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Gate Three is apparently coming out. It's got dragonborns in it.

SPEAKER Rei: It's got dragonborn. Yeah, you can play as one. That's great. That's fun. I mean, I'm excited for it, but is that really Dragon news?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yes, it is. Holy fuck, it is. They're so sexy.

SPEAKER Rei: I think that's it. As far as Dragon news, like, I haven't been paying attention, really, honestly.

SPEAKER Bantam: There is a movie that I've been.

SPEAKER Rei: Kind of zoned out.

SPEAKER Bantam: There is a movie that Ray and I are going to scout out. I guess it's too late to have it be the next episode, but maybe the one after that. But there's a Netflix movie out called Mnemona. And when I watch the trailer, it's a shape shifting girl who can turn into monsters or not monsters, but animals. And one of the animals that she turns into is a dragon. And I'm excited to watch it because Sabrespark, who I trust with animated movie reviews, we didn't watch the video because we were going to wait to see the movie. But his title was How Pneumona embarrassed Disney.

SPEAKER Rei: I mean, it's just become the hip thing nowadays to pick on Disney, though.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, Disney movies have been doing really badly. And this Pneumona movie is directed by the people who made Big Hero Six.

SPEAKER Rei: Which I actually didn't like. Out of the entire block of Disney movies that came out in that period of time when Big Hero Six came out, I'd like Big Hero Six the least. Really? I did not really like it. Yeah. I don't like the superhero genre, I guess. Yeah, I guess pixar has also been doing semi terribly. Like, their stuff is still good quality, but it's become extremely formulaic and predictable.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. What if X had emotions or feelings.

SPEAKER Rei: Or it started out as a meme, but that's actually literally what they're doing. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: And DreamWorks has now taken the crown for 3D animated movies.

SPEAKER Rei: DreamWorks is fucking killing it as far as in other worlds. Killing the time to bottle skate. I got back into Stardue. I am going to 100% start you and no one's going to stop me, as hard as these two try.

SPEAKER Bantam: I'm not trying to stop you.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Your adventure here budy with all my fishing.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. I'm helping him 100% stardue and doing what I do best and love the most, which is the moment the mines are open. That's where I am at all forever.

SPEAKER Rei: Phantom yearns for the mines.

SPEAKER Bantam: I do yearn for the mines. Like, Ray and I were having a discussion in the car the other day about the perfect game for us. And it would be one of those co op crafting survival games where one player stays know on the surface crafting weapons or armor and selling them in a storefront and the other player is in the mines or dungeons killing monsters and getting materials. And those games exist, but not in a multiplayer capacity. And it's really frustrating.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. And the fact that it's a single player game most of the time it's like, when do you sleep in game? But yeah. All right, so shall we get started tackling this long list of questions? Hopefully we can get through it all.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah. Hell yeah. Let's go.

SPEAKER Rei: I lost the list. Is it on the minion corner?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yes, the very first one. Anniversary questions.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay. There we go. My categories collapsed, so I'm like, which one is it under? Open. Open. None of these. All right, I'm scrolling to the top. We're just going to go down. Basically in order of they were asked. Okay, we'll take turns reading them. I'll go first, then Bantam, then dilla ten.

SPEAKER Bantam: How's that? I'll go third.

SPEAKER Rei: You'll go third. So me, dilla, ten, bantam. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: In order of importance.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I want to remember this moment.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, you're more important than me. Yeah, Ray, then Dillatan, then me. I'm the half dragon.

SPEAKER Rei: All right, so I guess first question, I'm not going to say who asked them because we didn't ask permission for that. So first question, maybe it was already explained, but if not, how did you all meet up? I think it was explained in like one or two episodes, but to just go over it really fast. Bantam and I met online. I was friends with somebody in fuck Florida. I think Bantam lived in Massachusetts. Me and the Floridian were friends. Bantam and the Floridian were friends. And then the Floridian decided, hey, Ray, I don't want to be your friend anymore, so I'm going to figuratively drop you on this guy's doorstep. Bantam, take care of this person in Utah for me because I can't deal with him.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. Like, literally one day I get a message from him saying, like, hey, you should be friends with this person. And I'm like, haha. Okay. And then he's like, no, seriously, you should be friends with this person. I don't want to be friends with him anymore. And I'm like, that's the weirdest introduction to a new person I've ever you know, one day Ray called me up on the phone and I talked to him while I walked to, you know, we've been friends ever.

SPEAKER Rei: Yep. Really? Like, we kind of hit it off or that would have been just a very sad ending.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, it really would have. And the funny thing was that then that friend stopped being friends with me.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, he just wanted to get rid of both.

SPEAKER Bantam: Wanted to get rid of both of us.

SPEAKER Rei: To be fair, he has a lot of physical issues, and I think he's just recluding whatever into just a pocket dimension of I don't want to deal with anybody anymore. And then Dillatan and Bantam, I guess you guys can pitch in. But literally, Dillatan found Bantam on an art website, thought he was cute, and said, hey, budy, let me scam you on Skyrim so that we can be friends.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Okay. There's a lot of miss. Listen, everybody always brings up the scam. Not I did not scam him. Until a couple of months in.

SPEAKER Bantam: He didn't scam me at all. The general thing because I don't know if I've told the story before, but essentially the very first introduction I've ever had to Diletan was he was not going by his name Diletan on Telegram.

SPEAKER Dillitan: No. I met you on the website. Then you were said you were on Telegram. So I quickly made it, which didn't really have any details to it.

SPEAKER Bantam: So it had your real name and no avatar. And you messaged me and you were like, hey, do you like Skyrim? And I'm like, yeah. And he's like, do you like modding Skyrim? And I was like, well, yeah. Do you want help modding Skyrim? All you need is this program called TeamViewer, because it's like TeamViewer has become so synonymous with scammers that it's like the moment someone's like, yeah, you're going to need to download Team Viewer, I'm like, oh, really? Really?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Okay.

SPEAKER Bantam: And so I ignored him. I straight up ignored him. I think Dillitan had to message me like three or four times over the course of a few months. And every time he did, I would just literally muted him and then just didn't read his message. But my OCD, I hate having unread messages on anything. The amount of times I go through our own discord and just click on everything so that all the lit up.

SPEAKER Rei: You could just right click the server and say, Mark is red.

SPEAKER Bantam: Son of a bitch. Well, sometimes I actually am interested in what's being said.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, you should participate.

SPEAKER Bantam: I know. I never liked discord. I've only ever liked telegram. But yeah, it took a while for me to realize that Dillatan was not a scammer or whatever. But it's become an inside joke with us because at one point, I did actually sit down for like three or four days and have Dillitan help me mod Skyrim. Like, mod it through the fucking roof. And we make the joke that it'll make his manager very happy that he's finally got me.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I like the mental image. If this was like a once a day comic kind of cartoon universe, I was literally left on bantam's doorstop in either a basket or a cardboard box and kind of just adopted. Meanwhile, Dillatan was a traveling door salesman that after the fourth visit, Ben just like, oh, fine, come inside.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I annoyed my way into your lives at this point.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, just the persistence of this lad.

SPEAKER Bantam: Honestly. Honestly, the only reason I even gave Dilatan a chance back then was because I was like, he is so persistent. Let's see how far I can get before he actually does scam. Try to scam me and then look.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Where we are now.

SPEAKER Bantam: My manager could be happier.

SPEAKER Rei: Everything works out. We're all three friends. We got a pad class. It's great, but it's like, man, these origin stories are weird.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That's what makes them good. Nobody likes normal origin stories.

SPEAKER Rei: Oh. As far as Diletton and I kind of getting to know each other, bantam and I had been friends for like four or five years. And so when Dillatan was like, I want to date you, bantam's like, okay, but I've adopted this little person here. Make sure you get along with it.

SPEAKER Bantam: Seems it seems kind of weird, but yeah, that's basically what happened was I was like, Dilitan, this dragon here is basically my little brother. He is family. I love him more than my actual family. And I'm like, I need to make sure that you get along with him.

SPEAKER Rei: Because I guess the idea is at the time, it's like, you're a new friend. This is my best friend, so I would not give him up for you. So make sure you two get along kind of deal, right?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, basically. All right. If we're going to spend that long.

SPEAKER Rei: On one question, I mean, that was origin stories. That was going to be long.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah.

SPEAKER Rei: All right. Till I next for you.

SPEAKER Dillitan: All right. How is viewership?

SPEAKER Rei: No, it's still from just above.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That what got you guys into dragons and how old were you when you did so? For me, it was around middle school. I don't know. It was around 6th grade. And it was just me browsing the Internet one day and I just discovered Dragon Hearts. I found a picture of it. One of my friends actually had a DVD, so he lent it to me. And ever since then, I have been absolutely obsessed with them to the point where in 8th grade, I actually did a PowerPoint presentation about dragons and all the lore I could dig up. I got an A plus.

SPEAKER Rei: Nice. I did a presentation on the organization 13 from Kingdom Hearts. As far as me, this sounds kind of cheap, but I think I was always into dragons because I can't remember a dawning of like, they were amazing. It's just they were just always kind of there in the background. Dragon Heart was cool. The dragon from Maleficent was cool. The dragon from Pagemaster was cool. But as far as when it really shifted to the front of my obsessions, like, less background and more like, okay, I'm going to try to find everything with this in it. Probably around fourth or fifth grade, was just browsing the school library, saw a book with the dragon on the COVID I believe it was Dragon Rider by Cornelia Funk. I'm going to Google that while Bantam answers to double check it. But it's a blue book. Kid riding a dragon. The dragons live in the Himalayas. And I love the book and I'm like, I want more of this. And then I got into Dragonlance. And then even though the dragons are pretty minor in there, I was like, this is also pretty cool. And then I went really deep into just epic levels of fantasy books. And that's when I discovered the dragons of War series, the Basil Brook Tale, and it all downhill from there.

SPEAKER Bantam: So for me it's threefold, three separate events that all kind of happen around the same time. One is actually a book that I'm holding in my hand right now. I got up to go get it. DND a long time ago, at least. TSR Books. There was a book by Rose Estes, part of the Endless Quest series called Revenge of the Rainbow Dragons a Pick, a path adventure inspired by DND. And there was this one passage, there's one book where you could enlist the help telepathically enlist the help of the Rainbow Dragons in one part of the book. And during an English class, they had us write a sentence on the board to determine what the adjectives and nouns and stuff were. And this was like in middle school, and I was told to go up and put in an example sentence on the board. So I wrote the Rainbow Dragons enlisted to help telepathically of the adventure or whatever, and I got made fun of relentlessly for it. But I really liked the book. And at the same time, this is in the very early ninety s. I was also really into Jinko jeans and Jinko clothes. Loved putting dragons all over all their fucking clothes, embroidered dragons on the jeans, print tees with really fancy dragons all over them. And yeah, I was just obsessed with their designs. And the third thing that got me into dragons was the Dragon Heart movie.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, by the time I got to high school, I was like six book series deep that all had dragons in it. And at that point I bought a whole bunch of the Mega Blocks dragon sets, had those set up in my room, like a little display. I had dragon posters, dragon t shirts. I would download just dragon art, like just random, just really gimmicky dragon art to the kind that you would make a poster or t shirt because it was like, really it's good quality but like bad composition. And I would have like 100 of those and I'd print them out in black and white at the school printer.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: Seeing as I volunteered to edit this episode, I'm going to say their names and then we can ask them later and I'll edit it out if they don't want. Okay, so both of those questions were from Shaggy, who also runs the podcast for the game Glide.

SPEAKER Rei: Next question. Bantam.

SPEAKER Bantam: So the next question is from orlith it's a three part question. How is viewership doing?

SPEAKER Rei: Seeing aspart real fast, I was going.

SPEAKER Bantam: To say I get updates. Ray is in charge of the actual Buzsprout account that hosts our podcast, but I have Buzzsprout emails forwarded to my email. And so every week I get like, your podcast in summary for the week. And it's always doing strong. We're getting there.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, average downloads, I don't get stats on who listens to just who downloads it. So it could be one download is one listen. Could be like one download is half a listen because they don't finish the whole thing, or they just download it automatically but then never go to it. Whatever. I don't know. But average downloads seem to be between 60 and 80, going as low as 47 and as high as 145 within the last, like, 20 episodes on this list here. I think our highest is still the interview with not DM. Gilmore with who made Golden Treasure?

SPEAKER Bantam: Golden Treasure? Yeah, I can't remember his name.

SPEAKER Rei: Ludwig. Thank you. Actually, so the Ludwig interview is 237. Right now. Angels of Scaly wings is 247. So that overtook it pretty good. If I'm going to be completely honest. I thought it'd be a bit higher only because I overestimated how many people listen to podcasts. But I guess that's just me taking the blind shot in the dark when I was starting it up.

SPEAKER Bantam: The other thing is, there's a lot of podcasts out there, and a lot of them are garbage, so it's hard to sift through.

SPEAKER Rei: We need to get a better icon for our album cover, basically.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I listen to podcasts a lot, and I sift through them a lot, and I've listened to podcasts where it's one guy with no editing, just like mouth breathing into the mic the whole time, or you can hear dogs or cats in the background and stuff, and it's like there's no editing, no quality. And I still listen to it because it's a topic I like.

SPEAKER Rei: But I love all our listeners. A lot of them are very passionate, same as us, and interact with us on Discord, a few that will message me privately, and we'll talk all the time and to you, you know, who you are. I'm sorry. I don't respond very often. I'm very busy. I'm sorry. Work and editing and home life.

SPEAKER Bantam: I'll just do the other two.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay. If you want to do that.

SPEAKER Bantam: That leads into the second question. Do you still have fun doing the podcast?

SPEAKER Dillitan: But it's not book related?

SPEAKER Rei: Podcast doing the podcast is amazing. I love it. Editing, it not so much.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I already went over that. For me, it fluctuates. Yeah. When we're doing books, not so much. Audiobooks are fine by me, but physically reading a book is pure agony.

SPEAKER Rei: Bad news, guys. I think there's, like, ten books to every one non book. As far as dragon stuff I know. Did you just ain't Logan hard Enough look for me?

SPEAKER Dillitan: I have been.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. And the third part of oralist questions are what books did to Dillatan in the past. You can show on a doll.

SPEAKER Rei: All right, let me where did the book touch you?

SPEAKER Dillitan: So back in school, we had an Accelerated Reader program. You had to read a specific number of books and take tests to get points. Add to your English grade. Right. The selection of books they had was the most dog shit thing I've ever seen. No fantasy whatsoever. It was all just like boring tales you'd expect to find in, like, a small southern town. So I did everything in my power to avoid reading. I busted my ass on the essays, the tests, and everything else to pass the class with a C without reading.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, see, I got to choose. Most of the time, there were only a handful that were required reading. I think The Killer Mockingbird of Mice and Men and Sniper, I think, were the only three that were actually required. Everything else was choice.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. For me in school, it was never a choice. It was always the classics, the ones that you always hear, kids are being forced to know tequila Maki.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I was never forced to read any.

SPEAKER Bantam: Of those Huckleberry Finn, all that crap. And it honestly made me hate reading. In fact, like Dillatan said, doing reports or projects or whatever, at one point, we had to do a project on a review on Pride and Prejudice. And I hated that book so much that I got around it by reading the Sea Monster version, pride Prejudice and Sea Monsters because there was a series of books where they take very classic things and they mix monsters into it. And so then all I had to do was do the report without ever mentioning monsters. And I got an A.

SPEAKER Rei: See, here we have a case study of if you force people to read certain books, you will destroy the love of reading.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yes. If you force people to do anything, you'll destroy their love.

SPEAKER Bantam: Because I used to love reading. I used to fucking read, like six books a week. And part of it was because Pizza Hut, way back in the day in the early 90s, had that whole program where if you read a whole book, you could write a one page book report on it and turn it into Dr. Pepper location. Dr. Pepper?

SPEAKER Rei: Wow.

SPEAKER Bantam: Pizza Hut locations. And they would give you a coupon for a free pizza.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I got so many of those. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: And we were eating pizza all the time. This was back when it was pizza Hut was a sit down restaurant with a spaghetti bar, so it was good stuff. And then they stopped doing that program, and the love of reading started to die. But I did still read a lot of know, Basil Broke Tale series and stuff.

SPEAKER Rei: Like.

SPEAKER Bantam: Was like I was like, Ray, I see a dragon on the COVID of a book. And I would read you know, I did end up coming up with a lot of books that I never thought I would enjoy. In fact, there's one book called Dream Snake that I thought, oh, snakes. And yeah, it barely contains snakes, but I ended up really liking the book.

SPEAKER Rei: I'm going to read two questions, because this next one is mostly like a joke question, but by Shaggy. When will you guys give up and hail to Glidecast as superior dragon podcast? Never.

SPEAKER Bantam: Never. Shaggy, you, Ray and Dillatan in the octagon. I'll watch because Small and yeah, lockhorns sue. Who wins?

SPEAKER Rei: We are superior because we cover all dragon related things. You just cover glide. Anyway, next question. Dragonfoot. Oh, look, dragonfoot. Next question by Venter Kaya and the like, the above question. Do you guys see still sticking around for a while as you burn through more dragon meteor? I hope so. Smiley face. I understand that to mean, like, as you run out of non books, are you guys going to want to keep doing the podcast? It's how I understand that.

SPEAKER Bantam: I have a controversial answer to that question. I love dragons. I do. But the moment we start burning out and can't find dragon media because we always said that we would shift into just monsters in general, like Griffins and just sentient monster animals or whatever, I'm a little bit more excited because that does open the doors pretty wide. There's a lot of things that would then qualify that I would then want to cover and that would also I.

SPEAKER Rei: Mean, we've already kind of veered a bit. We covered a couple Griffin things, I think.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, but as far as video games and TV shows that will blow the doors open to at least muddying the waters to include more video games, movies.

SPEAKER Dillitan: And TV shows, ray will figure out a way to unmutdy them with books.

SPEAKER Rei: I'm have to write up, like a five point it must tick these checkboxes to count if it just flashes a monster for 20 seconds. No, it doesn't count. It's got to be like, prominent. Whatever.

SPEAKER Bantam: Go ahead and do his fun question, too.

SPEAKER Rei: I will stick around forever even if it becomes 100% books.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I'm willing to do this until.

SPEAKER Rei: Ray gives up, until entropy. Also, fun question. Would you guys get plushes of your characters?

SPEAKER Dillitan: That's way too expensive. Heck no. I'd love to.

SPEAKER Bantam: I actually have a plush of an old character of mine and I love it and I still have it even though I destroyed all the old artwork and collectibles and stuff I got.

SPEAKER Rei: If you mean like, I commission a plush of myself and I have it, then yeah, sure, that'd be fun. If you mean I design one and then I sell it on, like, a merch store, that's a maybe. I have no idea the logistics of doing that. And also, I don't know what people are going to do to me. Holy shit. What if I started feeling it? What if they got some of my.

SPEAKER Bantam: Hair start making voodoo dolls? Yeah, I would kill to do that. Thing is that I actually could probably make them myself when I was in middle school. This was back when kids actually had to go through home EC. It was a forced class where you learn cooking, cleaning, and. Sewing, and I actually unironically loved that class. And I learned how to sew. I made a pillow. The pillow was the Steal Your Face Grateful Dead logo with the skull. And I know how to sew and I know how to create fabric prints and stuff like that. Fabric blueprints and all that crap. I know how to very carefully dissect a stuffed animal and then lay it out so that I can basically copy it. The only problem is I need a sewing machine, and the sewing machine kind of needs its own room, like, the whole craft room. So the plan is that when we do eventually move out and get our own place, I do want to have a craft room where I can start making things like plushes and toys and whatever.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I have certainly thought about T shirts for merchandise because that's much simpler, like manufacturing plushes. I have no idea.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, I know.

SPEAKER Rei: Let's not guess and talk.

SPEAKER Bantam: No, I know, but yeah, eventually.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. Before doing T shirts, I want to design an actual logo that doesn't just use open source graphics.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, it was an open source graphic.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. So I want to get an artist to help me design an actual logo first. And then we'll probably start doing T shirts because I have some ideas. Diletan in a pillow fort with the cartoony nightcap. Like the little triangle hat that kind of flops down with the little puff.

SPEAKER Bantam: Ball at the end and then have the title The Dragon of the Bed.

SPEAKER Rei: Something like that.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah, maybe my recording studio.

SPEAKER Rei: Little microphone in there with you. Next question. Do it.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I'm flipping back and forth between the audience channel.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I know. There should be a way to right click and open a new window or something.

SPEAKER Bantam: Honestly, if you want, I'll just read all the questions.

SPEAKER Rei: No.

SPEAKER Bantam: Okay. The next question is from Caro vatara Terragon.

SPEAKER Dillitan: It's my turn.

SPEAKER Bantam: I know that you're telling me where it is.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Found it.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay.

SPEAKER Dillitan: From the content already covered on the podcast, which book Movie gave you enjoyed covering the most and why? So mine was that Wailing Dragon anime. It was absolutely terrible, and I love so much tearing into it. That was probably the most fun I ever had in the podcast. Wherever we get something we just beat the shit out of, that's a good time for me.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay, I'll start suggesting more bad things then.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Please do. I wake up grumpy. I need to beat it out.

SPEAKER Bantam: For me. It was reviewing that game with AROC. The Red dragon. The video game crap. I can't remember the name of it now.

SPEAKER Rei: Dracon.

SPEAKER Bantam: Dracon, right. Dracon the ancient gates. Because that was one of my favorite games from childhood. And knowing that it was causing Ray suffering, he's like this game's so bad. It made me like it even more, I guess.

SPEAKER Rei: I don't like if it's a book, I like doing it because I like talking about books with you guys. I like getting opinions on books. I mean, before the podcast, I tried to create an actual book club. I just have fun with all of that. So, like anything book, I enjoy doing my singular absolute most favorite, though, I don't know, maybe I could just say Golden Treasure, because I love that game. It made me cry.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Inventor won the bets.

SPEAKER Rei: It's kind of hard to just pick a favorite.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, it really is. All right, so the next question is from Lone Star Dragon. What is your holy dragon trinity and why? You can pick one each or three separate sets of three. I don't quite know what that second part means, but for me, the holy dragon trinity, it's like, as far as dragon related media, what are the three most important to you?

SPEAKER Rei: The second part means you can say your three. I can say my three, and Dylan says his three. Or you pick one. I pick one. He picks one to create a trilogy.

SPEAKER Bantam: I mean okay, then I'll go ahead and let's do that. We each pick one. Dilletan, you go first so we can get that one out of the way.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Oh, man. What do you think I'm going to pick?

SPEAKER Bantam: Okay. Draco.

SPEAKER Rei: Draco.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Good job. Next one.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, go ahead.

SPEAKER Rei: But why do you have to say why?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Everybody knows why. Don't forget your first.

SPEAKER Rei: So he picks him based purely off of the fact that he was attracted to him, which, while fair, it's like if I picked Draco, I would say because he is like the most generic Western dragon. Like, he four legs and two wings, brown colors. God horns breeds fire. He is just as if you try to imagine generic Western dragon, you imagine either him or a red dragon from.

SPEAKER Dillitan: D D. He was the first one that wasn't a bloodthirsty village destroying machine. You actually had a personality and a soul. That's also worth noting.

SPEAKER Bantam: Almost every dragon up until that point, ray has always just been a mindless beast.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Draco broke grounds. Okay. He was a Martin Luther King of dragons. Probably should edit that out. No.

SPEAKER Bantam: That'S great.

SPEAKER Rei: It's made funnier by the fact that you recreated without having to take a breath at all.

SPEAKER Bantam: Same sentence for me because I knew he was going to take Draco. For me, it would be what's her name? Safira from Aragon. Yeah, I'd say that one because that was the only other one that as a kid, I was like, whoa, again, it's never going to be a book because a movie, I can look at the dragon go, that dragon's hot, and that's all that matters.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. Okay, so the point of a trilogy is to hit all the different points. The whole meme. You have a triangle, and then you have characters, like on the triangle, how close they are to whatever. Right. So if Diletan picked a good boy dragon, bantam picked a dragon rider like companion kind of thing. I should definitely try to pick like a villain or animalistic dragon just because that would be the opposite end of the spectrum going to I guess he's he's definitely the most villainous I can think of because as much as I love Dark Stalker, he's definitely a misunderstood villain. Or I understand how he got where he got and different childhood would have had different outcomes. Whereas Smog is just pure asshole. Just pure. I own everything. You're all garbage. And I'm just going to burn into the village because I feel like like I feel like Smog, at least off the top of my head, is the most cartoonishly villain dragon, right?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. Do you want me to keep going with these questions?

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, sure.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right. So the second part of his question is you can be a dragon, but you have to swap bodies with an existing dragon in their world.

SPEAKER Rei: I mean, I'm already a dragon.

SPEAKER Bantam: So who do you pick? Well, okay. Then you have to swap with a dragon from something like media that we've covered. So for me, even though the answer would enrage Ray, I will swap with the black dragon from the book we read recently where he's just super op and can't be stuck because then you get to BOP. And then so I get to be Op. Well, because I don't want to exist in a dragon world where I'm immediately going to get killed.

SPEAKER Rei: So Bantam just wants to be stopped?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I just want to be super pop. Well, also I want to live in a world with all the giant talking crows.

SPEAKER Rei: Diliten, do you have an answer? Because I need time to think.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I need time to think.

SPEAKER Rei: Oh, god, I'm trying to think of.

SPEAKER Dillitan: One that doesn't get brutally murdered.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, I'm assuming we can change the story because for example, if I were to pick Smaug, then I could be like, well, I'm not going to get fucking shot in the heart because I know better than letting my temper get control of me or whatever. But the point is I would just get to be big, giant, comparatively tiny in Middle Earthland. I'm assuming you can change the storyline. You're not tied to their, uh that's a hard choice. Like Alon Bantam's line of being Op is like I could just pick Dark Stalker. Although that's a fucking terrible childhood. I think I would pick either spirit Keeper from Golden Treasure just because that is a very beautiful world full of nature and mysticism and that's really cool as fuck. Or Lewis from Laserscale, because I love the idea of being the only fucking dragon, at least for a know.

SPEAKER Bantam: I might even change my answer to be the I don't remember his name. Maybe you can remind me. But from Golden Treasure, the dragon that had all the animals that was so full of himself.

SPEAKER Rei: I think that was bloom.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. Then I'd probably be bloom.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Okay, you know what? I got an answer, but it's Cringe predicing from Transformers Prime. I would fucking love to be that giant fucking building size dragon and actually get the other predicons to hatch or.

SPEAKER Rei: Have an army of mythical Transformers be a mech dragon.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yes.

SPEAKER Bantam: I love you.

SPEAKER Rei: Wow. I would have thought that have been Black Phantom's choice. Damn.

SPEAKER Bantam: I don't want to be the mech. I want to be in the mech.

SPEAKER Dillitan: All right, say that kind of mech. Cybertronian. It is an autonomous robotic organism, sir.

SPEAKER Rei: Wow, your nerd score just went up, like, five points.

SPEAKER Dillitan: They sound like 50 points.

SPEAKER Bantam: The next question is you can give one side character their own movie book. Whatever. Who are you giving it to?

SPEAKER Dillitan: The squire. And that one blue dragon from Dota alternate reality. They didn't die. They actually hooked up. Like, I want to see a sitcom related show with those two rom.com. Yes. I would fucking love that shit. Why isn't they're a fantasy sitcom that.

SPEAKER Rei: Would kill well, because sitcom by definition is it's funny because it's relatable. It's relatable. It's overdone, like, over exaggerated real life scenarios. And that inherently cannot happen with fantasy.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I mean, they could technically do it in the realm of nerdiness. If you think about.

SPEAKER Rei: Don'T know. Anyway, write a screenplay and try to pitch it to somebody.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I will.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, what about you, Ray?

SPEAKER Rei: Side character with their own book? I mean, Darkstock already has its own book, Becca. Fuck that. She already has her own book too. I don't I'm having the hardest time thinking of side character dragons.

SPEAKER Dillitan: We're not side character dragons. We side characters in general. This is what happens with all the dragons of the main characters. You don't get dragon side characters for questions like this. Ray.

SPEAKER Rei: You sabotage no, the problem is also a dragon book has other dragon side characters, but I don't care about them that much.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Okay, well, how about this? What about the spyro dad dragons? Those are technically side characters.

SPEAKER Rei: I guess technically they count. Yeah, I don't know. I'm going to have to abstain from answering because it's too hard.

SPEAKER Bantam: That's fine. We got a lot of questions to go through.

SPEAKER Rei: Maybe I'll scream in like, half an hour and be like, I've thought of it.

SPEAKER Bantam: The next question is pick two dragons from different worlds for a buddy cop crossover story. I didn't answer the last question because my answer is going to kind of COVID both of these. Be a body cop would also yeah, and it would be Bryce from Angels with Scaly Wings and the player character a buddy want.

SPEAKER Rei: I want a Winter in Kibley buddy cop, buddy cop story or Winter in Turtle. That'd be cuter because Kibli can get a little overbearing sometimes.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I don't know. I've drawn a blank.

SPEAKER Bantam: We can skip. Like I said, we have a lot of questions.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah, I'm going to ask from this one.

SPEAKER Rei: He wants draco and Garrett, whatever the.

SPEAKER Bantam: Fuck his name is, if you've all read Wings of Fire, which Tribe Are You?

SPEAKER Rei: They've only read the first arc, but.

SPEAKER Bantam: I would be a Rainwing.

SPEAKER Rei: Initially, I was like, I would be a night wing. And then probably but Winter got kind of, like, cool as far as culture when book seven came out. But I think now it's like I think it being a Silk one would be pretty cool. So it's like, can't pick one, but I guess just go generic Night Wing just to be safe. I don't know.

SPEAKER Bantam: Dill ten to be an Earth dragon or Mudwing, honestly.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah, whatever Clay was, he was adorable as fuck.

SPEAKER Bantam: Next one. If you can give any book, movie, game a sequel, prequel, and or remake, which I'm just going to go ahead and answer for me and Ray, golden.

SPEAKER Rei: Treasure got a sequel.

SPEAKER Bantam: If we were having this ability to give it a sequel, then yes, I would say Golden Treasure, because he deserves that.

SPEAKER Rei: Another mating flight sequel.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Modernized, non horrible to play Dracon.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, actually, if you're going to pick Golden Treasure, I know what I would pick. Age of Fire sequel. While Tangly kind of has one in the whole Dragonaire Academy, the fact that it's like a thousand in the future makes it not really a sequel to me because all the characters are fucking gone. I'd rather see a more immediate sequel where I get to see the actual OG main characters with their kids and a bit more immediate, a bit more relevant sequel. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: What about you, Dileton?

SPEAKER Dillitan: I already answered. Oh, you're con.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right. And so last question for this favorite villain antagonist from the media you've reviewed so far.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Deverec, hands down, the most.

SPEAKER Rei: What? What was the verb or adjective?

SPEAKER Bantam: Favorite villain antagonist from the media you've reviewed?

SPEAKER Rei: I would pick Dark Suck, but I haven't reviewed him yet, so I can't pick him.

SPEAKER Bantam: You can pick him. It'll make people excited for when we.

SPEAKER Rei: Do cover it for an episode 100 because I'll make them read all 18 books in a row.

SPEAKER Bantam: The one that I would pick would be what's his name from oh, wait, I think Dileton said it.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Deverek.

SPEAKER Bantam: No, no, never mind.

SPEAKER Rei: Davrek was pretty fancy. I loved him.

SPEAKER Bantam: Aravos from Dragon Prince.

SPEAKER Rei: He's not a dragon.

SPEAKER Bantam: I don't care. It doesn't say that. It says favorite villain antagonist from a media you've reviewed so far doesn't say anything about it being a dragon, you monster. And I would pick Aravos because holy crap, his voice is silk.

SPEAKER Rei: It really is. We got to admit, I love that guy. So if I couldn't pick Dark Stalker because he hasn't been reviewed so far, technically, I guess I would pick Ghost dad from lazy skills. Shit.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Lone Star.

SPEAKER Rei: Last Hope.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Last Hope?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, it started with an L. He.

SPEAKER Rei: Was technically a villain. I don't think he should have been. And I'm still a little salty at DM for that, because in my head, if I wrote it, this would have been his kick drag, and by all means, he can do what he wants is his book. I'm just saying that's how my story differs. But I like last hope. He should have been the Redeemed father figure.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, next question. Who wants to take it?

SPEAKER Dillitan: If you were to completely ignore the dragon rule where media needs to have dragons, what media property would you be excited to review most for the show?

SPEAKER Rei: Furthermore, first of all, if you were.

SPEAKER Dillitan: To include any media, not just Xenification, what would you want to talk about?

SPEAKER Bantam: Xenofixion.

SPEAKER Rei: Xenophication. First off, how dare you ignore the dragon. Get out of here.

SPEAKER Dillitan: So does that mean all cards off the table can pick anything? Yeah, Metal Gear Solid. Absolutely, hands down. Because the story alone is such a goddamn deep rabbit hole that I could spend literally hours talking about it. It's so goddamn stupid and I love it.

SPEAKER Bantam: For me, it would be Monster Misume or anything with monster girls. There is a book I want to read at some point, and I probably will read it myself and maybe just do a special episode where I just do it myself. I need to find out the name of the book again, specifically, but it's a Mech warrior book, and it takes place on an alien planet because I was looking into whether or not aliens existed non humans in the Mech warrior universe, and turns out they do. There's a book where some Mech pilots crash land on a planet and their Mechs are damaged, and they meet this race of very intelligent, very tech savvy birds and they just love fixing things. And so they voluntarily start helping the humans fix their Mechs just as the attacking force is about to land on the planet and try to wipe them, finish them off. And so the bird aliens and the main character Mechs, fight them off. And I just really want to read that book because bird aliens, it's also an alien race in a book series that typically it's just humans alone in their own galaxy.

SPEAKER Rei: I would actually wanted to talk about the pike series, which is erotic Xeno romance, and we will get there eventually. I'm kind of just waiting for the fourth book to come out to tie a neat little bow on the story, but yeah, it's probably my favorite romance book I've read so far. It is very well done. The aliens in it are pretty like in my head. I just always imagine them as like, croth guard with pocpen clothes going along their spine. But yeah, it's probably one of my best comfort reads. Honestly, as far as if I could do something besides Xeno fiction, I wouldn't because everything else is boring.

SPEAKER Dillitan: You say that, but you have not really delved deep into Metal Gear before. That is a wild roller coaster.

SPEAKER Rei: I play a little bit of revenge.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That doesn't count.

SPEAKER Bantam: It's the only one he's played.

SPEAKER Dillitan: It's the only one that doesn't count. Except Senator Armstrong is like the best meme material. All right, next question.

SPEAKER Bantam: Next question is on you, Ray.

SPEAKER Rei: I think let me get back into the again.

SPEAKER Bantam: Do you guys want to just stay in the audience? Dan and I'll read the question.

SPEAKER Dillitan: No.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay. No, because that's dumb. You don't get to read everything. That's not fair. I want to read things too. Stream prostitute in a dragon civilization, what's the best form of currency they can should use? Would it be their scales? Minted coins with varying levels of metal that it's made out of or something even more arcane? Like, for instance, mana. That isn't a physical thing that you can touch. Should the dragons just trade in favors? I'm curious to hear your thoughts on this. Got like a half hour discussion on this. Holy shit.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Basic economics. For it to be a viable form of currency, it's got to be something scarce. That way it has value, something you grow on your body, like scales. Not the most effective currency.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, I mean, spacewise trading teeth is like the dumbest thing I've ever well.

SPEAKER Bantam: I mean, like if you imagine trading scales, it's like if you really need to afford this, you could hurt yourself by pulling out too many scales and leave yourself vulnerable.

SPEAKER Rei: Now, it is worth noting that there is a book in the Dragon Empire series where the dragons do use their scales as currency. Their scales are very special in the sense that they regrow, and when they regrow, they become quantum entangled. So they can be used to Morse code communicate over the entire universe instantly. So there is an inherent value to those and they are made scarce by the fact that there's like when you talk about a universe sized empire, there are very few dragons compared to everything else. They take a long time to grow back, so they are a scarce resource. So it works there. The thing is, in real life, in Earth, on terror, on this planet, whatever you want to call it, gold was the standard for the longest time. And gold doesn't really have a value beyond being shiny and scarce. So gold could just work for dragons too, because it's shiny and scarce and they like it. Right. As far as trading favors or giving mana or trading cobalt or whatever other random nonsense that's basically pre currency era when before they develop currency, you would trade something that you would want before people started trading in gold. I'm going to trade you one sheep and you're going to give me three bags of flour kind of deal. Right? Gold just became like the shortcut to be like, I don't have three bags of flour, but I'll give you this thing that is worth three bags of flour. You can go and get it from the miller. Yeah, so they really don't need a special type of currency. If it fits for the universe, such as the Dragon Empire's quantum entangled scales, then yeah, sure. But otherwise, if it doesn't make sense for the universe you've created, you have no reason to steer away from just using gold.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, next question.

SPEAKER Rei: Any arguments against that? Sound logic. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: And so the next question is Cobalt friends or food from comrade?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Food.

SPEAKER Rei: First one, then the other.

SPEAKER Bantam: Only friends, never food.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Lone Star.

SPEAKER Rei: Back on the Cobalt thing, realistically, they would just be friends because you don't want to eat your workers. Servants helpers, whatever, because they're just emergency rations. That's the thing. Career style. If you end up running out of food, then yeah, sure, by all means. It's better than starving to death. You could also eat a rival Dragon's Cobalt to reduce their workforce. It's the StarCraft equivalent of rushing their fucking SUVs to destroy their economy, right?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Nerd.

SPEAKER Rei: But you really shouldn't.

SPEAKER Bantam: I'm amazed it's Ray who came up with that, not Deltan.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, I used to actually do PvP in StarCraft, so yeah. Fucking Reaper. Rush, you may continue with the questions.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Lone Star Dragon asks. When is this episode being recorded?

SPEAKER Bantam: No, today.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I was reading it as a joke.

SPEAKER Bantam: The next valid question is from Teresa Nicks on June 6.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I know. If Dillatin were to be the driver for one episode like World of Mech, what show would it be? Would we have a chance to see it in the future?

SPEAKER Bantam: I was going to make that joke.

SPEAKER Rei: Make that joke at the beginning of the World of Mechs episode.

SPEAKER Dillitan: So it's not going to be Metal Gear? Actually, I've thought about this for a while, and if we ever do like a Dilla episode, it is going to be 100% RTS team. We're going to go down the list of every single one of my favorite RTS games. Bantam is not going to be able to chime in at all.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, no.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Probably just be me and Ray.

SPEAKER Bantam: I'll be able to chime in on the Halo one. Halo wars.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I never played that, so that's not on the table.

SPEAKER Rei: So the joke I was going to make when we did the World of Mechs podcast was Dilatan was supposed to ask, hey, what about me for my birthday? Do I get a podcast or whatever, right? And then I was going to try to immediately jump into character and be like, I wasn't going do to The Voice because The Voice is going to be offensive as fuck. But it was basically going to be like, welcome to the Global Liberation Army podcast, where we teach you how to take down infidels and whatnot, teach you.

SPEAKER Bantam: How to topple a government people of resistance.

SPEAKER Rei: Can I have some shoes? It's a command conquer general's joke for anyone who doesn't know. I'm not trying to be offensive on.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Purpose, but that game is just naturally offensive. You cannot there's a reason it's banned in China.

SPEAKER Rei: AK 47 for everyone. It's so dumb.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Oh, it's absolutely stupid. But that's what I love about it.

SPEAKER Rei: It is humorous. Yes, but that was going to be my guess with Diligent podcast was just all about resistances.

SPEAKER Dillitan: No, not much media to cover. It would mostly be RTS.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, wouldn't be. It would be less media and more like you would try to, like you know how, like, welcome to Nightbell is done completely in be like it would be like that. You would just be like literally talking. Like every week you send out an hour long broadcast to the Resistance to give them information on positions and what tactics should happen and stuff like that. Right.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That actually would be kind of cool.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, that's what I thought yours would be.

SPEAKER Bantam: The next question kind of feeds into that one. A diletan podcast. It wouldn't be about books. Maybe about reptile care or how to design a scientifically accurate dragon. Co starring Nick's.

SPEAKER Rei: How about that, Diletan?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Absolutely.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right. So the actual next question is from Treesynix.

SPEAKER Rei: Hold on really fast. Your in character Resistance broadcasting needs to be done from the point of view of Nix.

SPEAKER Dillitan: You just hear a bunch of funks on the glass. He tries to eat the like like.

SPEAKER Rei: If Nix was like, stenching able to talk, so, like you have to do.

SPEAKER Dillitan: He'S plotting the Gecko revolution.

SPEAKER Bantam: He's basically your cobalt. And he's super excited. And he's like, I get to be.

SPEAKER Rei: The one to address the troops.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That's not Nix. Nixy's like cold hearted warrior bloodthirsty killer.

SPEAKER Bantam: Nix is actually the mastermind behind your plans.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Nix is the one that's probably going to end the human race. He's got a thirst for blood that cannot be quenched, no matter how many times he gets my fingers.

SPEAKER Bantam: So the next question is from Teresa Nix. Any media you guys are looking forward to doing in the future?

SPEAKER Dillitan: I already covered mine with Dragon Heart, so I'm kind of just shackled along.

SPEAKER Rei: But he's saying that we already got it, so he's along for the ride.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah. You guys already covered it with Dragon hearts. I'm just kind of along for the ride.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. But there could be like a theoretical best case thing that I look forward to. I'm looking forward to the new Dragon Heart that's supposed to be coming out. Very excited about that one.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah, that's still like very early in development with the writing strikes going on.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, the writing strikes are going to put a huge damper on anything coming out.

SPEAKER Rei: As far as what I'm looking forward to. A lot. A lot of books. Again, just because I like talking about books. If I have to pick a specific one, I guess pike. Just because it's my favorite comfort read and I'm excited to see what you guys think about it. Maybe Wings of Fire because it's an 18 book monstrosity. I want to see what you guys think about it.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Why are you going to curse us with this monstrosity?

SPEAKER Rei: I'm just eager to talk about books with you guys and to get your opinions. It makes me giddy and so it's like, yeah, there's a lot of stuff I'm looking forward to. Next question by Dino Rink. Have you guys ever heard of Dragon Booster? No.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yes.

SPEAKER Rei: Oh my God. You have? Yeah. What is it?

SPEAKER Bantam: It's an anime about give me a second. Let me make sure I get the right one.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Dragons being boosted?

SPEAKER Bantam: No, give me a to. I do recall seeing this. I don't remember anything about it, but I remember seeing the show on TV. But it's a Canadian animated series. The first series is about a young Arthur Penn, a stable boy. He's chosen by Bufasalis or Bo for short, the Dragon of Legend to be his rider, turning him to the Dragon.

SPEAKER Rei: Booster, a hero to protect the world.

SPEAKER Bantam: From the impending dragon human war and unite humans and dragons for all time. You know what?

SPEAKER Rei: That we can put that on the two B review.

SPEAKER Bantam: I actually don't know this one. I thought it was the one with chibi. The little white dragon.

SPEAKER Rei: No. That's dragon dive. Dragon Dive. Okay.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Dragons are basically race horses with SRB rockets on their sides and cool gadgets and shit, according to Mr. Darren.

SPEAKER Rei: Are they sentient? Can they talk?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah.

SPEAKER Rei: 39 episodes, Command 2004. Yeah, we can probably review that relatively soon. I want to do a book next. I like alternating. And since this is a not book episode, next episode should be a book one. Again, just because there's so many books compared to everything else. Oh, they can't talk. Oof, that's going to make it difficult. But we'll try. We will scout. Next question.

SPEAKER Dillitan: After two years of curating Dragon media, what do you think makes a good media critiquing regard of dragon media? In what way should you look at a Dragon media and say that it is good dragon media while other isn't? I don't want to exactly call us professionals.

SPEAKER Rei: After two years, we better have a good idea of what to do.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Hey, I am mostly along for the ride, but it's always a matter of opinion. There's no good reviewer.

SPEAKER Rei: Everything is always subjective.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah. It's just finding whoever you relate to the most in terms of trying to review, because some people will find some things very good, others will, like, shit on everything. I'm the kind of guy that enjoys shitting on anything I can find. So I'm the voice I'm going to call the voice of reason. But you know what? While these two praise everything, I'm the one that says the truth. And you know what? You need that.

SPEAKER Bantam: I don't praise everything. Half the books that we've read, I've been like, yeah, I fucking hated this. Like tooth and claw.

SPEAKER Rei: Hated it.

SPEAKER Bantam: Hated it.

SPEAKER Rei: I have a little list that I try to go through when I try. To review stuff because I feel like it's stuff that should be mentioned. How good quality is it? Was the dialogue written well? Was it believable? Did everything kind of fall apart? I feel like that's a big deal because that can destroy the enjoyment for some people. But I feel like the most important thing when reviewing a very niche genre like this is how well does it fulfill the niche? Which is why I have the I don't remember how I word it because I don't have my list pulled up. So not actually reviewing something, but how much did this fulfill the dragon fantasy? Like, how important were the dragons in this? Were they just mindless animals that were just there to carry the knights around? Or were they actually people who could talk that? I feel like personally, if I was a listener, is the most important thing and what I would come to people to get their opinions for. How important and prevalent were the dragons in this specifically and how well were they treated? Second place is obviously like writing style and grammar and whatnot. Like, when we did Last Monster on Earth, it was pretty good story. The dragons were obviously very Ascension, and it was great. The writing style was a little slow. It dragged a bit, and the Tropes were extremely zombie movie.

SPEAKER Dillitan: The man took everything with a Walking Dead, threw it into a book, then wrapped it up in Resident Evil God.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. So first choice, how well are the dragons represented? Second not first choice, but like, first priority, how were the dragons represented? And second priority is how well was it actually written? And then third priority, how much of it is there? 18 books. Wow.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Boo. Everybody, I need your help. I need you to go into the discord and recommend stuff that isn't book related.

SPEAKER Rei: The thing is, half of our discord is already begging for Wings of Fire.

SPEAKER Bantam: I know.

SPEAKER Rei: I've been holding them off like, it's 18 books, guys. I can't do that to them. I'll figure out a way to do it eventually.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I'll be honest. The thought of doing 18 books of Wings of Fire is like, I'll kill.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Myself now with bantam on this. That's what killed the book club.

SPEAKER Bantam: That is what killed the book club. We were going through Wings of Fire and I was like, I don't want to do this anymore. Soren was actually reading the books, and then I was just messaging him, going, hey, can you give me a rundown of the whole book? Because I do not want you achieve. I don't like the books. I don't like Wings of Fire.

SPEAKER Rei: We just have to do like, a month of hell. Just read all 18 in one month, and we'll do one episode and then never again. Or there's a good chance that, depending on how good the manual is, when they finally released the Dragon World Guide, whatever, they're going to call it. We could just review that because again, the point of the review is to talk about the dragon culture and how are they treated in their own universe and whatnot reading all 18 books is actually not that important. The problem is, because of the way she does the layout of it with like, this book is all about mud wings. This book is all about sea wings. This book is all about rainwings. It's like if we want to talk about the dragon societies, you're kind of forced to go through them all. Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: And the other problem with her whole series is the fact that humans are starting to become main characters, and we didn't even get that far. But at the same time, it's like knowing that's coming is killing any motivation.

SPEAKER Rei: To want to do it. Yeah, like, if I had to choose the important books as far as society, it'd be book 12345, 710, eleven already too many 13 and Dark soccer legends. But you can't really jump around like that. But as far as the lore and the societies and the cultures, that's how Spread out she did it, which is kind of garbage, which is why I'm waiting for the handbook to come out, the Guide to the Dragon will or the fuck it's called. And then we'll probably just do that. Maybe we'll also do Dark Stalker because it's my favorite of the whole lot. But yeah.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Will anniversary questions ever be answered?

SPEAKER Rei: Yes. Today, right now, after these messages.

SPEAKER Dillitan: All right. Last set from Lone Star Dragon. When doing a movie about a human and dragon character, like how to train a dragon, aragon, et cetera, do you prefer to be live action with a digital dragon or fully animated?

SPEAKER Rei: For me, hard to say. It depends on the style. Because Smile was CGI and he was amazing, and then so was Draco. But then a lot of times people try to take shortcuts and the CGI looks garbage.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, exactly.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That's why I'm saying live animated. Fully animated would be a hell of a lot better because that would be less shortcuts on their part trying to do the CGI in real time, which usually lead to more dragons.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I've already discussed my gripe with CG and real actors, I prefer practical effects. I know Ray will never agree with me on that, but practical effects, the actor has something to physically look at and physically touch. So you don't have that weird looking straight through the target of the conversation that you have when a character is reacting to a tennis ball on a stick. But fully 3D is good. But if you're going to do a CG dragon with live actors, then I prefer that there be some practicality, like when a wing or a tail isn't seen. Make that a physical, actual practical object. It can be done well. We're going to see an example of whether or not this will be done well. Very soon because apparently they're doing a live action how to train Your Dragon.

SPEAKER Rei: Soon TM it could be like two.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. And it is being done by DreamWorks and I really hope that they nail it because it usually doesn't work out too well.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, best case scenario, I prefer CGI with live action whatever. That's like the greatest thing ever because it's extremely immersive. But it has to be done well. If it's not done well, it's going to be uncanny and off putting and weird and just generally not good. In which case the safe option is definitely like cartoon animated style. I guess the middle ground is cartoon CGI. Like, wish dragon or luck?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, wish dragon and luck did really good.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, because when you don't try to go hyper realistic, you can easily avoid a lot of the uncanniness. But then when it's done well, you get stuff like Draco and Smog and Elliot from Pete's Dragons. They all look freaking great.

SPEAKER Bantam: And then the next part of his questions, what would your ideal dragon based MMO be? Like?

SPEAKER Dillitan: I'm going to abstain from this one because MMOs are not my thing.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, it's kind of hard to say because I don't like the MMO gameplay loop. I've played some MMOs because it's the only choice I have. Like, Final Fantasy XIV would be much better as just a single player game or even a local corp. It doesn't need to have the MMO tacked onto it. I don't need to be forced into a massive multiplayer universe where there's like, people running around in the background doing whatever, because half the time they're breaking your immersion because they're doing dumb shit like dancing in the street in their underwear. Anyway.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I was going to say I like MMOs because I like the concept of an always living world where things are happening whether you're there or not. And I like that, but at the same time when you end up I avoid major cities in Final Fantasy XIV because it's just full of half naked cat girls doing stupid dances and being AFK. And one of the biggest jokes is like, oh, no, the servers went down. Everyone's quickly rushing back online so that they can just AFK in the city again. And it's like, why do you pay for a subscription to just dance naked in town all day? But as far as there have been MMOs that had dragons in it. There was an MMO many years ago called Horizons where one of the races that you could pick was just straight up dragon and they tried something new, where with every other character you get to like Level 15 and you unlock a new skill or whatever the way the dragons worked in that game was. Every level you gained, your dragon got slightly bigger. And at the ten level marks, because I think the maximum level was like 50. Once you hit level ten, your dragon physically changed like you started off as a welp, like a little baby that couldn't fly, like headbutting and little fireballs on monsters. And then when you got to level ten, your wings started to grow. When you got to level 20, you could start flying, I believe. Or maybe it was 30. But point is that by the time you reach max level, you were a fully adult dragon about the size of a little bigger than Clydesdale, and you had more of your attacks, like wing attacks and tail attacks and whatever, but it was one of those MMOs where it had a dedicated fan base of, like, 150 people, and then the game died. I don't know of any mainstream MMO that's ever had dragons playable.

SPEAKER Rei: Again, like to just touch on my answer again, I don't like MMOs for the sake of them being MMOs. They just like, it's not necessary evil, but like an evil that comes with the package. It's a package deal, right? So it's kind of hard for me to answer what the best MMO would be, but I guess if I had to try to answer, the best game type that fits with an MMO personally is definitely an RPG like World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy. There have been other attempts at survival MMOs. They do it mostly with dinosaurs in that sense, like the aisle or whatever, which I don't think works really well because that's 100% PvP at that point. So my ideal Dragon MMO would be an RPG where you have classes and levels and skills, but you get to play as a dragon. The Red Dragons are pyromances. The Blue Dragons are skirmishers and whatnot Right. Arc survival evolved to answer terrain really fast. It's kind of an MMO in the sense that you do play unofficial service most of the time, but thankfully they also let you play privately, like local game. And I can just be like, hey, Bantam, connect to my computer. And we'll just play two play with no one else in the world. So I don't know if I would call it an MMO, but that is kind of close to what they try to do gameplay wise. But yeah, so you're playing your dragon, you have classes and you do RPG stuff. Just because if I'm going to be forced to play with other people, I like party based RPG combat. Like, I'm the healer. There's a tank and then we have two DPS. Let's take down this boss. Right? Like imagine Final Fantasy, but we place all the races with just dragons. Yeah, that would be the best for me because that's what I think the best game that lends well to being an MMO, but it would be even better as just a local lobby based co op game where I just host a room. Bantam and dilla. Ten join. We choose our characters and then we just go into the dungeon. There's no overworld, there's no talents, there's nothing yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: I think the perfect game would, as he said, if I could mash things together. I think if you were to take the gameplay of Arc Survival Evolved cordon off the map into different biomes that are ruled by dragons that you have to build relationships and alliances with, maybe you had your own dragon companion, or you got to play as a dragon, but the Arc Survival Evolved gameplay loop with dragons instead would probably be really fun.

SPEAKER Rei: That would be a fun game. But the thing is, making an MMO kind of immediately turns into a PvP fest yeah, true. Where the bigger dragon is going to hunt you down because they want your territory, or because you're meat, or because of whatever.

SPEAKER Bantam: The next question is, what event in Warcraft lore would you make a film or show about Warcraft Three?

SPEAKER Rei: You don't know enough about Warcraft.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, that's why we'd need to make a movie about it, so that we could show people more of the lore. And I would say a movie from.

SPEAKER Dillitan: The perspective they tried that of the Naga.

SPEAKER Bantam: No. Well, first of all, I don't give a fuck about the humans or the orcs at all.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, they made a movie about Warcraft One, basically. Yeah. Was that warcraft one.

SPEAKER Bantam: It was Warcraft no, it was the story of what's his face. The fucking the movie was beautiful. It still to this day holds up against most 3D animated things, but yeah, holy crap, the story was boring. But I would make a story about the Naga or a story about the dragons.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, a movie about Galacron would be interesting with how the aspects became the aspects. Yeah, but that's interesting just because it's all about dragons. Warcraft Floor is weird and I don't like it. It got very complicated once it started introducing Titans and the Shadow Lands and all this weird stuff. It's like, okay, you lost me.

SPEAKER Dillitan: No, it was great before the MMO bullshit started. Like Warcraft Three, the RTS was an absolute beautiful story from start to finish. A frozen throne with Arthur trying to get into becoming the Lich King. Fucking ten out of ten. Those two games would make for an excellent series by themselves.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. And this kind of leads into Attaches. It's another reason why I don't like MMOs, because they tend to go fucking crazy with the story. Because with the release of expansions, it's always one up being like, oh, but what about this? But what about this?

SPEAKER Bantam: But what about that?

SPEAKER Rei: Why can't I have all the information at the beginning? Turns out there was a continent hiding here. Turns out that there's like, three different universes you can go to. Final Fantasy does the best it can, but did I really need to have like, eleven freaking shattered stars or whatever the fuck? It's like, why can't I just have the world in the first place?

SPEAKER Bantam: So from the perspective of someone who actually watches all the cutscenes in Final Fantasy 14. I love the story, and I'm so excited to find out what's going on with the other mirrors of the planet. So shut up, Ray.

SPEAKER Rei: The thing is, again, I admit, Final Fantasy tries to do the best they can, but it's just personally, I don't like that type of storytelling where it's like in Rumor Born, you had your world and you were fighting the ASEANs and whatnot. That's great. And then Heavens would oh, there was this country here that was sealed off from the outside because they had a war going on with dragons. You got to make that better. You know what? That's fine. But then you get to the oh, it turns out that the world was shattered into 13 pieces. So now let's go to this piece to stop it from falling apart. That's a little weird. And now we have to go. And it turns out that the reason the Asteans were doing this was because of this demon realm. And it's like, now you're starting to lose me by adding and this and this and this, because you have to keep coming with new stuff as you release new expansions. It's just like Final Fantasy itself is not that bad, but it's just that storytelling style, if that makes any sense to anybody.

SPEAKER Bantam: Somewhat.

SPEAKER Rei: It's like to use warcraft as an example because the hidden dragon continent, it's like we've passed by it 10,000 times, going on the boats between Northrend and Kalamdor. It's like, how did we not find it before? And like, the shadowlands, like, why do the shadowlands need to exist? The weird realm of light beyond the shadowlands. I didn't finish the shadowlands expansion, but like, that weird realm of light, where does that come from? And now there's appearing like, five other planes of existence to worry about. And I guarantee you, in two expansions, they're going to go to fucking space.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, probably.

SPEAKER Rei: They've already went back in time and then the outlands, and it's so confusing at this point.

SPEAKER Bantam: They did have a little bit of a fourth wall joke in the dragonfly expansion where there's a gnome character who says that her career has been cartography. And she goes, and it's been a very lucrative career. We discover a new continent every three to five years. She's like, my mother told me. My mother told me that I would never be a good cartographer. But jokes on her. I discover a new continent every few years.

SPEAKER Rei: All right, that's all the questions. The last one I don't truly count because it's just like he admits. It's just the trinity question again. Yeah, I had. Fine. Do it.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, so you must choose any two dragons to put on an arc to preserve the dragon species inbreeding. Issues aside, what pair do you feel would best be the foundation for the future of dragonkind? Obviously, for the guy, it's going to be Draco.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That's my answer.

SPEAKER Bantam: No, this is a collaborative answer, is it? Yes, because Draco would be the best, because A, he deserves it, poor boy, and B, because he's a big, chunky, intelligent male dragon.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, if we're doing collaborative, then I'm going to fight you guys on Draco is absolutely not the best choice.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Who would you get out of here with that? Wrong answer.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, the reason why Draco is not the good choice is because if you put Draco on the Arc, then the future dragon species is going to be kind of not quite subservient, but pretty damn close to subservient to humans because of the way they work with know you got to share your heart with somebody and they look how small we are. And apparently we can just be taken down by a ballista bolt because of how small we are.

SPEAKER Bantam: Okay, all right, that's case in that case, we each answer separate.

SPEAKER Dillitan: He faked all those ballista hits.

SPEAKER Rei: He really did.

SPEAKER Bantam: He fast and strong enough to grab the ballista bolt in midair and place it in a place and then fall and go.

SPEAKER Rei: Sure, because he has main character plot armor, but the rest of his speeches was all hunted out by one fucking person.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, seems a little BS. All right, fine. We'll answer separately. Dilatan picks Draco for the male. Who do you pick for the female? Diletan?

SPEAKER Dillitan: Sivis.

SPEAKER Rei: Just go. Yeah, I was going to say go for dragon heart and just take Civic.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah, no, get all the dragon heart dragons back.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, so for my answer, the female dragon would be what's her face from the other dragon heart movie. Was that sivith? Yeah. All right, then I can't pick her.

SPEAKER Dillitan: That was the only female dragon at.

SPEAKER Bantam: All then the female dragon the dota anime. Actually no, it would be the one for the mother from Dragon Prince and then for the male it would be probably Smaug.

SPEAKER Dillitan: What a very polar opposite personality.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, it'll make even tempered dragons.

SPEAKER Rei: All right, Ray, very difficult question. Part of me wants to have the father be a dark stalker because I want my dragons to be all powerful. But even I can admit animus magic is disgusting. So like dark stalker is a bit too over the top. So I'm trying to think of another powerful dragon with really strong magic. And whatnot the dragon overlord? Calendros from the Dragonlance universe as the father, because he is massive and very powerful to the point where in the Dragonlance universe the dragon overlords actually usurped, the hominid kings and queens and they are now the rulers of the planet, especially after the gods disappeared. But that's a whole fucking thing. So calendar's because he's my favorite. And then I'd want to combine his genetics with maybe the dragons from Dragon Empire, except I think they're a little bit too op also, so probably not. I don't know.

SPEAKER Bantam: I changed my answer. I would take Fatalis as the father from Monster Hunter. Yeah, I'm just changing the male to Fatalis.

SPEAKER Rei: Who is your female again?

SPEAKER Bantam: The mother from Dragon Prince.

SPEAKER Rei: Zubea.

SPEAKER Bantam: Zubea.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah. You know what? I'd probably combine calendar with I don't know, some random dragon from Skyrim, just because I love the idea of magic being tied to an ancient language.

SPEAKER Bantam: I also like the fact that the dragons in Skyrim to communicate and their written language is just claw, scrapings and stone.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, that's a pretty common trope with dragon writing. Yeah, I guess I'll lock in that answer for now.

SPEAKER Bantam: Slap the button. Locked.

SPEAKER Rei: All right, so that's the end of the question list.

SPEAKER Bantam: Hooray hooray.

SPEAKER Rei: Is there anything else you want to guys want to touch on? Like any information you want to volunteer freely about the show, about you, about your hopes for the future?

SPEAKER Dillitan: I hope for less books.

SPEAKER Rei: There's going to be more books.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah.

SPEAKER Rei: Sorry.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I can hope. Damn it.

SPEAKER Rei: I hope one day that we sit down with the motivation to write our own books. Yeah, we're getting a lot of knowledge about a lot of do's and do nots from reading other people's examples. When we finally create our own books, they are going to be the best.

SPEAKER Bantam: In the universe or they're going to be equally terrible, but in different mean. I already I already started writing my book, Tree Sinek. Got to read the first chapter. It's like my book is going the problem is that I need to pull the reins on Misanthropy because I definitely am going to have the main character kill a lot of damn humans. But I did change the ending of my book to not be so bleak and mean.

SPEAKER Rei: I just need to get the motivation to sit down, actually do it. It's just like after you come home from work, it's like, I want to play.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah. We get home from work and Ray takes a nap. I browse Reddit and YouTube just to unwind from work. And then as soon as he's up, it's like we just want to play video games because then we have to go back to bed and go back to work. And then on the weekend.

SPEAKER Rei: The problem is a lot of my free time is also just fractured just because of the way life is. With only one car and my partner working from home, I have to do a lot of the errands, which includes going to grab food or whatever. So it's like I have 5 hours of free time, but at some point, randomly, I can't really tell when I'm going to be asked to go and do A, B or C, which kind of makes it hard to sit down and try to get into a creative mindset, really. I think the best thing for me to actually sit down and do it would be when we move and we get a bigger place and I can have my own office, so I can shut myself in there away. From the outside world and be like, all right, I'm going to have, like, 2 hours of no disruptions at all, and I can do whatever, and then I can have my video game time afterwards. But just right now, it's kind of hard to build a routine to stick to it. And you need to build a routine to get the habit.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, eat that frog.

SPEAKER Rei: Eat the frog. I don't know. I'm just making excuses for myself.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, I got really into it. There was, like a good week where I was just like, yeah, writing. And I got like 15 pages in. And then I was like, all right, that's good. Let's take a couple of days break and then never again.

SPEAKER Rei: We should just do Nanorimo, but do it in August instead.

SPEAKER Bantam: No, we can do it in November.

SPEAKER Rei: Well, my reason against November is because our line of work specifically gets really.

SPEAKER Dillitan: Busy in November, and I got Christmas trees to do. That's going to be hard for me.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, November is a terrible time to do Nanorimo. I don't know why that started in fucking November. Do people just not spend time with their family?

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, because I don't know.

SPEAKER Rei: Like two years ago, the first time we tried Nanorimo, I had to visit my we had to spend Thanksgiving with the family. We also had a vacation because that's the cheap time to do vacations. That's when we went to Universal, and then we had work going fucking off the rails because of Thanksgiving. So it's like we need to pick another month to try and do it in. Probably not August, because it being my birthday month means there's going to be a lot of stuff going on there, too.

SPEAKER Dillitan: How about February?

SPEAKER Rei: I mean, that's so far away. I was thinking, what about October?

SPEAKER Bantam: October would probably be the best month to do it, honestly, because it's fall. There's not really a lot going on. And aside from Halloween, which people usually prepare for a couple of days in advance, there's not really anything going on in October.

SPEAKER Rei: We haven't participated in Halloween in so long.

SPEAKER Bantam: Well, I really wanted to, but yeah.

SPEAKER Rei: The point being is also nothing happens in October because September still has a Labor Day escort. It's not Labor Day. It's not Presents Day. It's something I don't know which can affect Brantam and my personally line of work because freaking people want to do barbecues all the time. October, I feel like barbecues have stopped. There's no holiday that requires a whole lot of food to be purchased. Because we work in the food industry, I feel like October is the best.

SPEAKER Bantam: All right, so we'll do our own Nano rhymo. We'll do nanorimo in October.

SPEAKER Rei: Okay. Agree. Dillatan.

SPEAKER Dillitan: I will try.

SPEAKER Bantam: Agree.

SPEAKER Rei: We need to come up with a personal prize. Like, if we manage to do it, we give ourselves a treat.

SPEAKER Bantam: The problem with being an adult, though, is that I can give myself that treat no matter what.

SPEAKER Rei: Selfish treat whatever I want.

SPEAKER Bantam: It's like that thing. It's like being an adult. I can go to the store and buy a birthday cake and eat it. No one says that you have to have a birthday to eat a birthday cake. And then it's like the cons I ate an entire birthday cake.

SPEAKER Rei: When your parents told you not to eat an entire cake before dinner, they knew what they were talking about. Yeah, I'll figure out a way to give myself a carrot on a stick. But yeah, we'll do October.

SPEAKER Bantam: Okay.

SPEAKER Rei: Maybe if I do it, I can buy a $200 board game guilt free. I've gotten really into board games.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah.

SPEAKER Rei: Also, I kick started an RPG. So like a DND style thing called Wormlings, where you play as baby dragons. So when I get the PDF for that, we'll do that for the podcast. Maybe that'll be like a four hour let's play podcast episode, basically. So just keep that in mind. But anyway, thank you for joining us, everybody. Anniversary party poppers fanfare, right?

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, the confetti popper. And you just do like a little and it's like yeah, that's about what they do.

SPEAKER Rei: But yeah. Next major milestone is 50 episodes. There are more than 50 uploads, but as far as, like, mainstream episodes, I don't count the solo episode that Dilliton and I did that one time. I don't count the anniversary episodes because they're quote, not real episodes. So we're coming up on 50 real episodes pretty soon. I finishing and going to upload later today or tomorrow. Episode 45. So for episode 50, we should do something special. Like, if we don't do it by then, I say 100 should definitely be Wings of Fire. I guess we could do for 50, we could do a dragon. Because that's like the most popular dragon thing in the fucking universe. Read the first book of the first book. A ragon. Watch the movie. Compare the two. The movie? Yeah.

SPEAKER Bantam: The movie so bad it murdered the entire future of its franchise.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, I know some people have been suggesting Eragon to us as well. So we can do that for the 50 episodes special because but we need to decide what we're doing for next episode, guys.

SPEAKER Bantam: Nimona.

SPEAKER Rei: We got to scout that first, buddy.

SPEAKER Bantam: Oh, we could just take a risk on it.

SPEAKER Rei: No.

SPEAKER Bantam: Has anybody here in the audience dance seen the movie? Pneumona on Netflix? Because I know that she can shapeshift, and I know that she can turn into a dragon because it was in the trailer. But Ray is afraid that that was like a ten second thing and never.

SPEAKER Rei: Again she's going to be a dragon for 20 seconds and never again. The rest of the time she's going to turn into like a frog or something.

SPEAKER Bantam: Yeah, if you could let us know, Nye, because I heard that the movie was amazing. I heard that it kind of. Put to shame anything that's come out in theaters recently, and I do want to watch it. The reason why is because Mnemona seems like the perfect setting for me. It's a cyberpunk future with high technology, but everybody's reverted back to medieval stylings. So the main character is the Black Knight, and he has a laser sword, and he's wearing plate mail that looks like it's made out of carbon fiber. And there's another character that looks like Good Boy Paladin, and he's got his little entourage of bodyguards that all use, like, railgun crossbows. So it looks like someone took medieval and then just slapped a huge thick coat of cyberpunk paint over it. And I think that's fucking hot.

SPEAKER Rei: Let's tentatively pencil in. We'll do a scout. We'll tentatively pencil in Mnemona for not next episode, but the following one. Again, just to alternate. Book, non book. Book, non book. Right. So let's do a book for the next one. And I guarantee you there's nothing that you two want to do. So it's like, all up to me, right?

SPEAKER Bantam: I want to do mnemona.

SPEAKER Rei: As far as books go, there's nothing that you guys want to do.

SPEAKER Dillitan: What I wanted to do can't be done.

SPEAKER Rei: Yeah, we're putting in a pin in that because it's apparently a rare book that's out of print, so we got to check down copies. Taryn wants us to do Dragon Empire. Sure. We can do the first book of Dragon Empire. I'm not making them read three books for one episode. And we may or may not continue after book one, because book one kind of has most of the stuff as far as the culture and society in it. If they love it, we can continue on to book two. But for now, we'll just worry about book one of Dragon Empire. It's a sci-fi setting. Humanity is ready to go into space. They have to escape the dying planet, so they want to go start colonies on other planets with generational ships. And as they start reaching into space, they run into an interstellar empire of dragons with the quantum entangled scales, the ability to fold space so they can teleport, so on and so forth. And it just becomes a society culture clash. And it's actually pretty good. It takes a while to get up to speed, but after it does, it is really good. And it's a very unique style of dragon, and so that'll be fun to explore. All right. All right. So dragon Empire book One by Kylie Chan. Let's wrap up this episode so Dillatan can go work. We supposed to do the social medias before announcing next week, but who cares about the order, Brandon? Where can they find us if they want to get in contact with us?

SPEAKER Bantam: We have a Twitter account at officialwadpod. Our email, if you'd like to ask private questions to the show, is wadpodcastmail@gmail.com. We have a patreon@patreon.com worldofdragonspodcast, and our discord will be linked in the show notes.

SPEAKER Rei: Yes, let us know what you think of our show. Give me feedback on the editing style I am testing out with suggest US material to cover. Just be a friend. Be a friend. But yeah. Thank you for joining us. Oh, real fast, let's do our special VIP shout outs to our VIP patrons, comrade And Kazen. But. Yes, thank you for joining us and we will see you next time. Eight more years. Eight more years. Eight more years.

SPEAKER Bantam: Six years in a movie.

SPEAKER Rei: I've just arbitrarily picked a decade to be six years in a movie. Goodbye everybody.

